To better promote the development of the Cannon language, the core working group reserves sections of the specification for development only by a specific working group as follows:
1. Any paper may originate in the Core Working Group, except that the Core Working Group shall not originate papers pertaining to policy of a particular working group. 
2. Any technical report may originate in any working group which is most aligned to the content of the report. Any technical report on a policy affecting a particular working group shall originate only in that working group, except when the policy is general, affecting all working groups entirely equally. (Note: This implies joint policies, IE. policies that affect multiple working groups, cannot be discussed by the Core Working Group. However, general policies, such as a general code of conduct may be)
3. Any technical specification must be originated by at least one of the Core, Language Design, Library Design, or Compiler Working Groups. 
4. Any technical specification that creates or amends a section under [core], [alloc], [std], or [stdext] shall be originated by at least the Library Design Working Group, and may be originated in any other in addition to the Library Design Working Group. 
5. Any technical specification that creates or amends a section under [laserc] or [ufo] shall be originated by at least the Compiler Working Group, and may be originated in any other in addition to the Compiler Working Group.
6. Any technical specification creates or amends any section under [intro] shall originate in the Core Working Group only, Except that a technical specification that amends the section [intro.ref] may originate in any working group that can originate technical specifications.
8. Any technical specification that creates or amends any other section shall be originated at least in the Language Design Working Group, and may be originated in any other in addition to the Language Design Working Group.
9. For technical specifications, the Responsible Working Group Chair shall be the working group for which the technical specification is reserved to. If multiple such Working Group Chairs may be viable in this manner, one of those Working Group Chairs shall be chosen in a manner not inconsistent with the provisions provided by Governance on this matter.
